Copyright updates (#225)
CrunchyData/pgmonitor: hugo/content/_index.md

## Legal Notices

Copyright © 2017-2021 Crunchy Data Solutions, Inc.

CRUNCHY DATA SOLUTIONS, INC. PROVIDES THIS GUIDE "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Crunchy, Crunchy Data Solutions, Inc. and the Crunchy Hippo Logo are trademarks of Crunchy Data Solutions, Inc.

> Red Hat is trademarks of Red Hat, Inc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat a trademark of Red Hat, Inc.
```

Reviewer 2: Red Hat is a trademark of Red Hat, Inc.

Author: No longer valid see last commit message
